RabbitMQ - messages exchanger between network services.
AMQP protocol.

Producer/Publisher - service that sends messages.
Exchange - stores all messages; entry point for publishing messages.
Binding - link between Exchange and Queue.
Queues - queues to which the consumer is subscribed.
Message - message
Consumer - service that receives messages; subsecribes to Queue.

 - Flow -
Producer sends message to RabbitMQ
RabbitMQ places message to Exchange
Exchange defines the Queue to send message
Queue staores only link to message
When Consumer is ready to receive mesage, Ñopy of the message is created and sent to the client.
Consumer returns approve that it received message.
Finally Rabbit deletes message and copy of message.

 - Publisher -
Publisher - creates connection via AMQP protocol, creates channel.
Publisher or Consumer can declare exchanges, queues, bindings - you can choose individually for specific case.
Publisher always writes to Exchange.
Publisher defines delivery_mode for every message:
  delivery_mode=1 - don't store message, faster
  delivery_mode=2 - store message on disk. slower
Publisher defines Routing Key for every message - ?
Publisher can set 'confirm flag' - RabbitMQ responses that mesage was received. Low spped, difficult in singlethread applications.
Publisher can set 'mandatory' - store message in other exchange if has no queue, rarely.

 - Exchange -
Exchange - router for messages.
You cant change Exchange. For this: delete and create again.
Binding - not a part of Exchange. You can change.
Exchange sends messages to queues with suitable binding.
Durable/Transient - Exchange will alive after rebooting RabbitMQ.
Exchange doesn't store messages. If we send message to Exchange with binding/routing key that don't bind to any queue - message will be deleted.

Exchange types: 
 - Fanout
     bind queue and exchange without routing key; one message to exchange -> two message to each queue
 - Direct
     routing key (queue) == routing key (message)
 - Topic
     the same as Direct, but uses wildcard: * - one word; # - many words
 - Headers
     not routing key, but headers of messages (finds key words in mesage)

 - Binding -
Binding - static rout from Exchange to Queue.
You cant change Binding. For this: delete and create again.
There are several Bindings between exhange-queue, but with different parameters.
Binding parameters: routingkey or headers.

 - Queue -
Stores sequential messages.
delivery_mode - for each messages
Durable/Transient - Queue  will alive after rebooting RabbitMQ.
Types:
 - Classic - ordinary Queue 
 - Quorum - ?
 - Stream - ?

 - Message -
Consists from:
payload - string or base64 (if Java object - convert to json)
routing key - only one for one message
delivery_mode - 
headers - 

 - Consumer -
Describes on one queue only.
Queue send message to Consumer via push-model, without scheduling, delaying.
Prefetch count - how many messages Consumer can process at the same time. If 0 - receives all. If 1 - receives one, processes it and then receives second. (if multithreading - set number of threads)
Acknowledge (ack) and Negative acknowledge (nack) - Consumer approves (or not) theat mesage was precessed ad response to Queue.
AutoAck - auto acknowledge for all mesages.

 - FIFO -
Set prefetch_count=1. First message from Queue goes to Consumer. Consumer precessec this message. Consumer send ack to Queue. Queue send the second message to Consumer.
We can set two consumers for one Queue. 


docker run -d --name rabbitmq-poc -p 5672:5672 -p 15672:15672 rabbitmq:3.12-management
  http://localhost:15672/#/
  default user: guest/guest

implementation 'org.springframework.boot:spring-boot-starter-amqp'
implementation 'org.springframework.amqp:spring-rabbit:3.1.1'
implementation 'com.rabbitmq:amqp-client:5.20.0'

